Alright, you guys have 15 minutes, when you're ready, it may be good. Well, morning judges, we are Binjai Consulting Group, and we are really excited to share with you our insights on Agoda today. So here's a high level overview of our key insights. The focus here should be drawn to, firstly, the lack of offerings in social cultural aspects and local experiences. And secondly, the lack of visibility for eco-friendly offerings. So we have noticed that recently there has been an increased trend in sustainable tourism, and it is projected to grow to $11.4 trillion USD by 2034. This is a 320% increase from where we are currently. Looking across the competitors in the travel agency market, we see that most competitors remain focused on traditional tourism segments, giving Agoda the prime opportunity to dominate the sustainable tourism market. With sustainable tourism still in the early stages, Agoda is well-positioned to take a leading role in shaping and capturing this growing segment. Now we take a look at Agoda's customer demographics. We see that 40%, a large majority of Agoda's current customers, they are actually aged between 18 to 34, which is one of the reasons we choose to focus our solutions to target young adult travellers. Firstly, they make up 40% of Agoda's customer base, and at the same time, they are also main drivers of sustainable tourism, as pointed out in the case booklet. So, what are the interests and needs of young adult travellers that we need to address? Firstly, young travellers, they value cultural authenticity, with 68% of young travellers seeking authentic cultural experiences when they travel. Secondly, they want their experiences to be meaningful, and 60% of young travellers want to make a difference to the foreign communities that they visit. Lastly, they also highly value sustainability, with 54% willing to pay more for eco-friendly options. As highlighted in the case booklet, sustainable tourism can be broken down into three key pillars. Firstly, the economic pillar, secondly, social-cultural pillar, and lastly, environmental. Taking a look across all three of these pillars, we identified that while Agoda is currently doing well in the economic pillar, it's not doing the best in social, cultural, and environmental aspects. In the social-cultural aspect, Agoda currently has limited authentic cultural experiences, with their listings skewed more towards generic city tours. So firstly, mainstream attractions are offered rather than heritage-based tourism, while standardised hotel stays and city tours are offered instead of immersive cultural experiences. We identified that, currently, less than 10% of Agoda's listings are cultural-based local activities, which highlights the lack of cultural offerings in Agoda's listings. So, this brings us to our first insight, which is, to capture young travellers seeking authentic local culture, Agoda must offer a wider range of immersive local experiences. In the environmental aspect, we identified that while Agoda already has strong eco-partnerships, however, they are held back by the low user visibility on their platform. So firstly, the sustainability impact of the users are hard to quantify and monitor, while the main booking interface lacks clear eco-labels and carbon indicators, which help users to identify eco-friendly hotels. We also had this statistic that 36% of travellers currently do not even know that sustainable options exist, which brings us to our second insight, that Agoda must increase the visibility of sustainable impacts to enhance their reach to young travellers. Now, with that to achieve its incremental booking target, Agoda can pursue multiple strategies, but of the three that we thought of, only one offers both the skill and differentiation, and there will be NGO partnership and subsidised eco-cultural experience. Now, introducing Agoda Local. So, Agoda Local, it's a one-stop platform connecting travellers to authentic eco-cultural experience through local communities. So, you might be wondering. Now, how would Agoda Local and what is Agoda Local? Now, Agoda Local enables travellers to live, eat and experience daily life with local through authentic cultural exchanges at a subsidised rate. Agoda Local, if you were to do it, can see a 206, 206 additional customer booking per day by 2026. So, let's meet Adam, our friendly neighbourhood friend. Now, Adam loves travelling and volunteering, and like many of us, Adam are seeking authentic cultural experience but faced limited access, high cost, and a commercialised travel option. So, several pain points, such as most booking websites only offer standardised touristy experience that lack cultural depth, and that sourcing authentic local experience independently is expensive and it's very inconvenient for him. So, Agoda Local will step into the shoes of local. For example, a daily life as a Singaporean hawker, a daily life as a Malaysian farmer, and daily life as an Indonesian fisherman where you'll join fishermen at sunrise and local markets. So, you'll live with the local, you'll eat like the local, and experience the daily life with authentic cultural exchanges and at a subsidised rate, where the host will be covering the accommodation and food. Now, Adam decide to go with the Indonesian, to experience a day in their life as an Indonesian fisherman. Now, his day will start off at 4 to 9 am, where Adam will join fishermen at dawn, experiencing the authentic start of their day. He will set up at dawn, he will prepare nets, he will fish at sunrise, and he will join fishermen on boat to experience sunrise and market life. In the afternoon, from 12 to 4 pm, Adam will witness the community midday rhythm, where he will sell the morning catch at the local market, he will rest, and then he will repair nets, maintain boat, and plan next fishing cycle. Now, at night from 6 to 10 pm, Adam will end the day immersed in the local culture. He will share dinner with family, using the day's fresh cat, maybe even optional fishing, and end the day with storytelling and plan for tomorrow trip with the crew. So, at the end of this trip, how will Adam feel? Adam will feel satisfied, he will feel fulfilled. Why? Because after all, he did a meaningful work, he volunteered with a real, authentic Indonesian fisherman. Now, with that, how will we go to market? Agoda Local will launch through strategic NGO partnerships, where we will leverage the network and to create authentic cultural experience. We will also launch Agoda Local as a separate tab on the platform, to have more views and listings. And lastly, we will be offering a subsidized rate. While this is through the host, the host will be covering both the accommodation cost and the foodstay. So, travellers will only have to pay for the flight tickets and maybe transport to get to the host place. After all, they are doing a volunteer work. So, next up, introducing Agoda Eco Voyage, a webpage making eco-friendly travel alternatives more visible to young users, making it easier for them to choose sustainable travel options. We project that Agoda Eco Voyage will increase Agoda's daily bookings by 560 users. So, our Agoda Eco Voyage will have three pillars, eco-certification, a loyalty point system and an impacts dashboard. And we collated these three features after analyzing the other recommendations that we could have implemented, such as a sustainability filter and a sustainability travel guide. So, Agoda Eco Voyage will first be incorporated on Agoda's current website, which will attract the attention of potential travel bookers. When travel bookers go onto the Agoda website, they will immediately see the Eco Voyage. And this standalone page will bring them to view eco-certified offerings only, enhancing the visibility of sustainable travel options. Next, when users click into the hotel and booking tab, they will be able to see the sustainable level of the company through the eco-leaf card, which will be shown on the accommodation. And when users click on these eco-leafs, a green information panel will pop up, which shows the pillars of sustainability that the hotel is currently offering. This verified clear information will address young consumers' need to be informed about green decisions and also prevents the risk of green washing. And this information will be certified by GSTC hotel standards to address the risk of sustainability being simply buzzwords. Next, after users click into the accommodation of their choice, they will be able to see the amount of eco-points that they can earn. And these eco-points will be able to exchange these eco-points for discounts. So when users check out, they will be able to choose how many eco-points they want to redeem. And this has proven to be effective because a survey has shown that 45% of people rank financial incentives as the key factor that will encourage them to make sustainable travel choices. After the user is done booking their accommodation, they will be able to check the impact of their sustainable booking on the Impact Dashboard, which will be located under their profile. Users will be able to see their sustainability ranking amongst other users, encouraging friendly competition. There is also a share button that allows them to share these sustainable metrics with their other people, encouraging other people to embark on eco-friendly travelling as well. The Impact Dashboard will display sustainability metrics accumulated from the user's previous trips and allow them to see the tangible impact of their travel choices. And this will make them feel like they are truly making a difference. Lastly, the Impact Dashboard will show users the accumulated eco-leave count. And this will inspire them to accumulate more eco-leave points and motivate them to use more sustainable bookings. Lastly, a sustainability challenge will be implemented to attract these young users to use the platform. So users will share about their sustainability experience online through online short reviews and stories. Other users will be able to view, engage and like their entries. And top performing reviewers will be rewarded with eco-points. And this will inspire them to use the eco-voyage offerings to book their travels. So with these two recommendations, we will see how Africa can actually get their aims fulfilled. First of all, this is implementation timeline of ArgoLocal. We will kick off with research and partner identification. We're going to identify the NGO and the local partners as possible. But at the same time, finding the sustainable criteria as a framework. Then we can co-creation and have experience design. We integrate these into the current implementation and design the one day in our life experience. Then we can have the MVP approach of Agoda being leveraged. Where we're going to have launching pilots in certain areas from the very first hand. And then we're going to have brand activation with small marketing campaigns. Then we're going to have quality assurance and feedback loop to have user reviews as well to enhance our program before we scale up regionally and by the end of the year, get a full launch and have brand integration. And this is also an implementation timeline of Agoda Eco-Volage. We're going to first have partnership and certification set up. We're going to partner with certified sustainable organisations to actually have a standardised framework. And at the same time, ensure credibility for the hotels. Then we're going to have platform design and development where all the features are integrated into the current Agoda website. And we have hard launch and market activations similar to Agoda Local. And also have user dashboard showcasing the impact as well as going global. And by the end of the year, we'll also go full scale with implementation and constantly improving to optimise our performance. And with these two recommendations, we're going to expect, I'm sorry, so like before reaching to financial impact, we're going to assess the potential risk and to see how Agoda can actually maximise their outcome by mitigating those. For Agoda Local, there are potential risks such as unsafe living conditions and lack of medical access, especially in rural areas and especially for the solo travellers like women. And in order to tackle this, we will implement mandatory host verification and background checks for instance, like identity identification of the host as well as a property inspection. And at the same time, we will also provide clear safety guidelines and emergency support hotlines. We will also have inconsistent host standards for Agoda Local and also have the risks such as difficulties in monitoring or operating regions simultaneously and operating regions simultaneously and local certification credibility question by users for Agoda EccoVolage, which also have certain mitigation strategy. And lastly, with that, we'll expect an extra $282 million in revenue by 2030 and also $47.7 by 2025. And at the end of the day, we'll be able to capture the sustainable tourism of Agoda, leverage it to be like a pioneering in this field and at the same time able to target the incremental bookings of Agoda. Yes. Okay, thank you team for your presentation. We will now commence with our 10-minute Q&A. If not, I can kick start the Q&A. Can you go to slide 5? You mentioned that most competitors are focused on traditional tourism. But if you read the casebook, you see that actually a lot of competitors have done a lot of sustainability initiatives. Some of them have even implemented the checkmarks of sustainability in their websites. So why do you say that a lot of competitors are only focused on traditional tourism and do not target the sustainable tourism market? And it seems like based on this one, we're doing as well as them. Yeah, that's a great point. So for this analysis specifically, we based it off a relative focus. So for example, for booking.com column, we put high for the traditional tours and experiences and moderate for sustainable tourism. Because relatively speaking, their current model is still more focused on traditional tours such as mass tourism and experiences as compared to sustainable tourism. So even while they currently have initiatives that are targeting the sustainability market, it is still smaller in comparison to the mass tourism that they are more focused on. Wait, so this group is comparable to competitors instead of comparing to themselves? Right? Like, for let's say, Agoda is doing well at traditional compact to its competitors. Is that what it means? So, the column-wise, it is comparing within Agoda's current model. And then, row-wise, it is comparing across competitors. So I think this table kind of captures both aspects. It makes me look at Expedia more. Because for Agoda, it is the same as others. But Expedia is doing not very well at traditional and very bad at sustainable. Yeah, because Expedia is currently more focused on the transport and accommodation. For example, in terms of flights and taxis. Are you trying to frame this as an opportunity, please? Yes. Oh. Okay. Can you go to your, like this one? I think I have to move on to the first inside. Yeah, I think it is the SCI 2. Can you go to the second inside? Oh, this part also, like the previous one. You said that only 36% don't know that it is available. Is this specific to Agoda or like in general? In general, because the statistics are hard to find that are specific to, sorry, statistics specific to Agoda are hard to find. Okay, so it means that the remaining 64% know that it exists. So what is, do all these 64% blockade or like is there a gap? There's still a gap. But the point I was trying to make here was that 36% is still a large number of travelers that do not even know that these initiatives exist in the first place. So let's look at the 64% first. Among the 64%, how many of them already go for these sustainable options? Is this like a ballpark or whatever? I would say about half of them because from the... Okay, so let's say it's actually half of them. Then why do you think that this 32% is not a problem? Then why do you decide that the problem is low visibility instead of there's a gap between them seeing that there's sustainable options but not going to profit? Actually, I think like, because even though they're initiatives, we did a lot of research and we saw that they are initiated in terms of sustainability. But it is like kind of a one-time thing, even though there are a lot of them, it's not actually visible on the website. For instance, as a user, when I go to the website and I just like, I can not really see any like sustainable options, but I can always understand the sustainability approach when I just like do extra research. Like for instance, they have like certification implementation for hotels, which needs extra research, which is not like obvious on the website. So what we're trying to say here is like, as a user who tried to go into the market and just identify those things, we cannot actually see that. So are you saying that the 36% don't know at all and the remaining also is hard for them to find? Yeah, so I think that was to emphasize the lack of visibility of their current listings. Okay. I think that's the one we could be sure is because this is the only statistic you have to back up this STI. Oh, okay. Yeah. So just to clarify, so you're saying that Agoda currently has sustainable offerings, but it's not visible? Okay, so this is something that would be... Yeah, because there are three pillars, our lack of visibility is specifically in the environmental pillar. Right. Meanwhile, the lack of offerings is in the social-cultural pillar. So these are two different pillars that I will talk about. So in the social-cultural pillar, there is like a filter that users can have to to filter for sustainable experiences. Currently not, because the social-cultural offerings are not... There aren't enough social-cultural offerings in the first place. Okay. So just to clarify again, so for environmental, do they have like... They are working in some environmental hotels, but they just don't show it. Yeah, so the users are not aware of the impacts that they will be making. Okay. Okay. Let's move into RACs. Yeah, let's move into RACs. Can I ask a question about RAC1? Yeah, so for RAC1, right, I think the three key needs of the users that you mentioned was that it needs to be authentic, meaningful and sustainable. So I'm just curious, you know, how is Agolocal sustainable? So based on the pillar, right, so we are, for this RAC1, we are targeting more of a social-cultural aspect where we offer authentic, real experience. And through Agolocal, we are actually partnering up with like real. For example, the example I share is the Indonesian fisherman. You are doing with them, you are doing with them. Sorry to cut you off. But I think earlier in your STI, you established that there are three key needs, which is something that's authentic, meaningful and sustainable. Right. But I see that, you know, this experience is authentic and meaningful, but what I don't see is how is it sustainable. Yes, it, you know, addresses the social-cultural area, but is that what Agoda is asking for? Because like, at the end of the day, if you are going to leverage the trend of eco-tourism, then it has to be something that, your recommendation has to be something that also sort of reflects sustainability. So let's, I'm curious to know, how does your first recommendation be sustainable? I think apart from the fishermen, we also have included... Yeah, first, for example, in Singapore, wilds would be the urban rooftop farming, maybe from Malaysia, would be exploring village eco-farms. So these are some of the initiatives that we'll be taking. So if people, maybe travelers are interested in exploring eco, they could explore maybe Singapore's urban rooftop farming, Malaysia farmers explore eco-farms. I think you're misunderstanding my question. So, right, for like I said, I'm a sustainability tourist, like, you know, I care about sustainability, all that. So I care about these three things, right? Like something that is authentic, meaningful, which I think your recommendation is. But I don't understand how your recommendation is something that is sustainable. Like, why would I pick this particular, like, you know, this thing over, like, say, I'll go to Singapore and visit Mariana Basin, that kind of thing. Do you think that focusing on the cultural aspect? Yeah. I think it's, yeah. Like there's multiple components to sustainability. Yeah, social part. This is the part CIMY. I think for social... No, but I don't think it is sustainable. But what's the definition? No, no, like I just say... Sustainable comes in three main pillars. So there's environmental, which is only one of the pillars. Okay, then sorry. And could you help me better understand what you mean by social sustainability? Especially, like, if you are living with locals, will you, like, curse disruption to the locals' lives? Sorry, do you have a question again? Go then. Like, because you are saying that you are achieving the social goal. Okay. But if you are living, like, locals and you are, like, joining them with their daily lives, whatever. Will curse this disruption to their lives and actually, like, not achieve, like, social goals? No, actually, in fact, you'll be helping them because you'll be volunteering with them. For example, for the fishermen, you'll actually be helping them out. And maybe, another example will be farming. You'll be helping them with the farming thing. So you are actually there to volunteer as well. And these locals are the one that brings you around. They will show you how to do it. And at the same time, you also will get the silk carp experience. So in a way, I repackaged the volunteer experience by it's overseas. And you are telling me that all of this is not currently available? Not on Akuda. Okay. So you won't be able to find this in any of its competitors, like, Expedia, Akuda, or this, yeah, booking.com. Wait, I do have a lot of questions already. So I want to, like, about how many people can realistically, like, play a day in the life of, like, a Singaporean Malaysian or Indonesian. Lama show is, like, there's enough resources to make sure that all these, like, to try to implement the meetings. So it's a very valid concern that we also thought of when we were thinking of this. So, what we thought of it, we're going to have multiple, so maybe it's like a, we could have, like, over a thousand hosts. I mean, because there's a lot of farms, there's a lot of, like, there's a lot of things that probably need volunteer work. However, so maybe for each initiative, they could take in a couple of people, and each initiative is going to be pretty short. It really depends on the length. So, in this case, we'll actually be able to still, we'll still be able to extend to multiple various parties. Wait, but isn't this really something, like, available, like, what of tree farms also have these, like, you can go and, like, plant the key leaves yourself, like, strawberry farms, whatever. Wait, can we, before that, I actually have a question on your tree, right? Yeah. Okay. I want to know how you even choose your tree, right? Like, why, why do you choose these three segments? Because of these three, only one of them is actually, like, an in-person thing. The other two are just, like, yeah. Right, so, we thought of, instead of just having extra experience, maybe a regional influence campaign to promote Agoda's sustainability, like, how they have been using it, would be a more viable option. So, what came to our mind is maybe the differentiation. Right, but your STI is you need to offer a wider range of immersive local experiences. So, of these three, only the third one does that. No, actually, in fact, the first one is so. So, we are thinking of, like, using a VR to showcase, maybe, like, immersive experience through a VR case. Because one of the main points is that it's high cost. So, in order to solve high cost, what can we do? So, maybe by doing VR would be a very low-cost thing, because only the cost will incurred by Agoda. But after continuing, we realised that, you know, VR may be, may not be the thing. We should have this, um, NGO partnership, uh, this Agoda local thing. Where, uh, travelers would bring out. Because... Okay, it's okay. Right. So, we have a few questions adding on to the QAPA for Red One. So, why would the local even say yes? See it, I'll say it. Why would they say yes? You say the host covers the coms and the food. Hmm. But these people in Southeast Asia, they're often poorer. And if you're talking about the authentic locals, who would make a humble living, how do you think they can afford all of this? Um, no. Actually, in fact, because the accommodation is, it's basically living with them. And the food, it's eating whatever they're eating right now. So, in return, I will be volunteering my work. Like, I'll be doing the work for them. Or maybe, however. Maybe say I'm there for like two weeks. I'll be doing the work for them for two weeks. So, in return, these locals will be offering accommodation and food. Okay, I'll cut you off. This is modeled after Worldpackers, right? There's an initiative, right, not called Worldpackers, which basically does this. But the difference between Worldpackers and this is that people go overseas in Worldpackers specifically to volunteer. But are you sure that these tourists are going here only to volunteer? Like, if they want to spend two weeks in Thailand, are they going to spend all two weeks catching the fishes? Or do they just want to experience? Um, so these two weeks will be just following whatever the local is doing for two weeks. So to experience, really experience what they have, maybe in daily life as a fisherman. Which, I don't think it's very, it's very difficult to find. People will not just bring it out to fish because it's... No, I understand your point. So, how big of a group of these tourists are you capturing? How many of them are willing to spend two weeks fishing? So this division can be catered as well. So we could have it maybe as short as a one-week thing, or maybe a couple of days. So they're not there just to work or anything. They're actually there to volunteer. So we're really targeting people who are passionate, passionate about going for these trips. And if you're not very interested in your fisherman, you can go for something else, such as maybe the bathic painting. I'm actually thinking more, sorry, I'm thinking more about this from the host's point of view. Like, if you have someone training every few days, it actually costs more to the host to have to babysit you, while providing you a comp and food. I think it's a very valid concern. But maybe, this is right, in our implementation plan, we're going to have a pilot program first to see whether this thing is feasible or not. So through our pilot program, we will be able to tell whether it's feasible. And if it's feasible, we can roll it out. If it's not, then... Okay. By the way, it exists. It exists. People are tasting farming, whatever. On the umbrella. No, but they're trying to make it. It's the same thing, what? Is this more like fishing, whatever? No. It's not about the fishing. You guys are trying to make it more of, like, volunteering. Immersive. This one was really interesting. That one is pit, they're trying to make it voluntary, but it exists on more papers. It's essentially what you are proposing now. Yeah. But it's okay, we can cut here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. Can I talk? Can I talk? Can I talk? Yeah, okay. It will run off 20 by half. Okay. I guess we just cut advantage in here. Yeah. Okay. So for, um, I still personally am a little lost in your, like, rec one as well as like your STI one, because I'm not really seeing the, what's the link for sustainability, but I think that's like a big issue. So I'm getting back from them. But, um, I think what's missing, right, is your GTM and your off details for rec two. Because like, yes, you have this new tab, but like, you know, how do you let these eco-sustainability tourists know that you have this new feature that they can leverage on? You did talk about it briefly, right? Yeah. I think the idea was like, there'll be this challenge. Then because of this challenge, then, um, like the users who want to, like, gain the prizes, like the eco-points, like they will actively go, go sustainable trips on the eco-voyage tab. Correct. But like, essentially, how do you even get users on the eco-voyage tab in the first place? Like, how do you boost awareness of this new tab? Because this only comes in after people know, and then you sort of spread the word. But I'm talking about like, at the very first quality, you already implemented this. You have this new tab. How do you get people to know that you have this new tab? Okay. I hope that makes sense. But yeah. I'll give feedback for both of the rec, actually. Um, for word one, I don't think that idea is bad. Like, genuinely, I don't think it's bad. But I think it's a bit idealistic. You can, you need to realize, as you mentioned, that this is not CSR-initiated by Agoda. If you had framed this as a, they will pay for this experience, and you should find a way to protect it, and maybe commercialize it a bit, from, uh, letting it remain authentic. I think it's a lot more compelling than trying to say that, people making a humble living is supposed to like, do charity work and give them food. Like, even though I can see what I'm coming from. For rec 2, honestly, I was actually quite a big fan of rec 2, in the sense that, I like how you try to detail. Some of the details you've included are things that most people, at least at this stage of training, would not have thought of. In terms of organization, it needs to be better. And as Sri said, the GTM is missing. But your mock-ups and your details are good. Um, sorry, two more sentences. You do not need to elaborate so much on your implementation time. I just focus on the key details. And, um, for slide 39. Maybe it's just a main thing if financiers can correct me. Yeah. Can you, can you stop profits in greed and cost in greed? Why is it the other way around? That's not even the key point. I feel like the thing is... Like, for general, I know that you've seen Texler in the group chat and say that he likes whatever chart this looks like, but this doesn't tell me anything. Like, I don't know where this revenue comes from. And what I want to know is, how did you get the revenues? Like, what revenue drivers do you have? And what are the main cost drivers? Instead of, like, just showing me the chart, I'll just be like, Oh, okay, it's increasing. Okay, so what? Yeah. And for both BIS and METI and the MP timeline, um, like, what Nicole said, just highlight the key points. I will go to the MP timeline. Right, there's a lot of stuff here. It doesn't mean that you need to go to every single thing and say every step you need to do. You can just tell them what you need to know now. Like, for example, you can say the first thing you need to know, like, first step you can do is this and this and this. Like, you hire people, whatever. And one or two, two or three key steps that you need to do and so that this works is this and this. So, it's just like, go through it quickly. Because it makes more sense to spend more time on your SDI and VEX. Because this is like, this is an assumption anyways. Anyway, okay, like, just to summarize what Iris said, right? Just, when you talk about implementation timelines for all the groups, okay? Firstly, what is your Monday morning action? Secondly, what are key evaluation stages? Just talk about that. That's all you need. And basically, tell them something that's outcome itself. Yeah. Okay, just some very quick feedback from me. I think overall this was a pretty good case. Why I say it's a good case is because I think the SDI went deeper than the other groups. You guys went into segmenting out the different pillars of sustainability. And you talked about how one of them is good, but the other two are not that good. And so, we'll target each one of them. So, I thought this was a good attempt. It was a good approach. In terms of, like, how you segmented out the young customers. I thought that was good, but in the recommendations, it was not really fleshed out like how the experiences or the impact dashboard or like the badges, for example, are particularly targeted at these young travelers. So, I felt that that was a bit lost. But overall, overall good. Good attempt. Yay! Okay, if not, that'll be the end of all the presentations. Thank you, Team Six. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We're done at some time before lunch, so I think the plan is like all of them.