Alright, you guys have 15 minutes, when you're ready, it may be good. Well, morning judges, we are Binjai Consulting Group, and we are really excited to share with you our insights on Agoda today. So here's a high level overview of our key insights. The focus here should be drawn to, firstly, the lack of offerings in social cultural aspects and local experiences. And secondly, the lack of visibility for eco-friendly offerings. So we have noticed that recently there has been an increased trend in sustainable tourism, and it is projected to grow to $11.4 trillion USD by 2034. This is a 320% increase from where we are currently. Looking across the competitors in the travel agency market, we see that most competitors remain focused on traditional tourism segments, giving Agoda the prime opportunity to dominate the sustainable tourism market. With sustainable tourism still in the early stages, Agoda is well-positioned to take a leading role in shaping and capturing this growing segment. Now we take a look at Agoda's customer demographics. We see that 40%, a large majority of Agoda's current customers, they are actually aged between 18 to 34, which is one of the reasons we choose to focus our solutions to target young adult travellers. Firstly, they make up 40% of Agoda's customer base, and at the same time, they are also main drivers of sustainable tourism, as pointed out in the case booklet. So, what are the interests and needs of young adult travellers that we need to address? Firstly, young travellers, they value cultural authenticity, with 68% of young travellers seeking authentic cultural experiences when they travel. Secondly, they want their experiences to be meaningful, and 60% of young travellers want to make a difference to the foreign communities that they visit. Lastly, they also highly value sustainability, with 54% willing to pay more for eco-friendly options. As highlighted in the case booklet, sustainable tourism can be broken down into three key pillars. Firstly, the economic pillar, secondly, social-cultural pillar, and lastly, environmental. Taking a look across all three of these pillars, we identified that while Agoda is currently doing well in the economic pillar, it's not doing the best in social, cultural, and environmental aspects. In the social-cultural aspect, Agoda currently has limited authentic cultural experiences, with their listings skewed more towards generic city tours. So firstly, mainstream attractions are offered rather than heritage-based tourism, while standardised hotel stays and city tours are offered instead of immersive cultural experiences. We identified that, currently, less than 10% of Agoda's listings are cultural-based local activities, which highlights the lack of cultural offerings in Agoda's listings. So, this brings us to our first insight, which is, to capture young travellers seeking authentic local culture, Agoda must offer a wider range of immersive local experiences. In the environmental aspect, we identified that while Agoda already has strong eco-partnerships, however, they are held back by the low user visibility on their platform. So firstly, the sustainability impact of the users are hard to quantify and monitor, while the main booking interface lacks clear eco-labels and carbon indicators, which help users to identify eco-friendly hotels. We also had this statistic that 36% of travellers currently do not even know that sustainable options exist, which brings us to our second insight, that Agoda must increase the visibility of sustainable impacts to enhance their reach to young travellers. Now, with that to achieve its incremental booking target, Agoda can pursue multiple strategies, but of the three that we thought of, only one offers both the skill and differentiation, and there will be NGO partnership and subsidised eco-cultural experience. Now, introducing Agoda Local. So, Agoda Local, it's a one-stop platform connecting travellers to authentic eco-cultural experience through local communities. So, you might be wondering. Now, how would Agoda Local and what is Agoda Local? Now, Agoda Local enables travellers to live, eat and experience daily life with local through authentic cultural exchanges at a subsidised rate. Agoda Local, if you were to do it, can see a 206, 206 additional customer booking per day by 2026. So, let's meet Adam, our friendly neighbourhood friend. Now, Adam loves travelling and volunteering, and like many of us, Adam are seeking authentic cultural experience but faced limited access, high cost, and a commercialised travel option. So, several pain points, such as most booking websites only offer standardised touristy experience that lack cultural depth, and that sourcing authentic local experience independently is expensive and it's very inconvenient for him. So, Agoda Local will step into the shoes of local. For example, a daily life as a Singaporean hawker, a daily life as a Malaysian farmer, and daily life as an Indonesian fisherman where you'll join fishermen at sunrise and local markets. So, you'll live with the local, you'll eat like the local, and experience the daily life with authentic cultural exchanges and at a subsidised rate, where the host will be covering the accommodation and food. Now, Adam decide to go with the Indonesian, to experience a day in their life as an Indonesian fisherman. Now, his day will start off at 4 to 9 am, where Adam will join fishermen at dawn, experiencing the authentic start of their day. He will set up at dawn, he will prepare nets, he will fish at sunrise, and he will join fishermen on boat to experience sunrise and market life. In the afternoon, from 12 to 4 pm, Adam will witness the community midday rhythm, where he will sell the morning catch at the local market, he will rest, and then he will repair nets, maintain boat, and plan next fishing cycle. Now, at night from 6 to 10 pm, Adam will end the day immersed in the local culture. He will share dinner with family, using the day's fresh cat, maybe even optional fishing, and end the day with storytelling and plan for tomorrow trip with the crew. So, at the end of this trip, how will Adam feel? Adam will feel satisfied, he will feel fulfilled. Why? Because after all, he did a meaningful work, he volunteered with a real, authentic Indonesian fisherman. Now, with that, how will we go to market? Agoda Local will launch through strategic NGO partnerships, where we will leverage the network and to create authentic cultural experience. We will also launch Agoda Local as a separate tab on the platform, to have more views and listings. And lastly, we will be offering a subsidized rate. While this is through the host, the host will be covering both the accommodation cost and the foodstay. So, travellers will only have to pay for the flight tickets and maybe transport to get to the host place. After all, they are doing a volunteer work. So, next up, introducing Agoda Eco Voyage, a webpage making eco-friendly travel alternatives more visible to young users, making it easier for them to choose sustainable travel options. We project that Agoda Eco Voyage will increase Agoda's daily bookings by 560 users. So, our Agoda Eco Voyage will have three pillars, eco-certification, a loyalty point system and an impacts dashboard. And we collated these three features after analyzing the other recommendations that we could have implemented, such as a sustainability filter and a sustainability travel guide. So, Agoda Eco Voyage will first be incorporated on Agoda's current website, which will attract the attention of potential travel bookers. When travel bookers go onto the Agoda website, they will immediately see the Eco Voyage. And this standalone page will bring them to view eco-certified offerings only, enhancing the visibility of sustainable travel options. Next, when users click into the hotel and booking tab, they will be able to see the sustainable level of the company through the eco-leaf card, which will be shown on the accommodation. And when users click on these eco-leafs, a green information panel will pop up, which shows the pillars of sustainability that the hotel is currently offering. This verified clear information will address young consumers' need to be informed about green decisions and also prevents the risk of green washing. And this information will be certified by GSTC hotel standards to address the risk of sustainability being simply buzzwords. Next, after users click into the accommodation of their choice, they will be able to see the amount of eco-points that they can earn. And these eco-points will be able to exchange these eco-points for discounts. So when users check out, they will be able to choose how many eco-points they want to redeem. And this has proven to be effective because a survey has shown that 45% of people rank financial incentives as the key factor that will encourage them to make sustainable travel choices. After the user is done booking their accommodation, they will be able to check the impact of their sustainable booking on the Impact Dashboard, which will be located under their profile. Users will be able to see their sustainability ranking amongst other users, encouraging friendly competition. There is also a share button that allows them to share these sustainable metrics with their other people, encouraging other people to embark on eco-friendly travelling as well. The Impact Dashboard will display sustainability metrics accumulated from the user's previous trips and allow them to see the tangible impact of their travel choices. And this will make them feel like they are truly making a difference. Lastly, the Impact Dashboard will show users the accumulated eco-leave count. And this will inspire them to accumulate more eco-leave points and motivate them to use more sustainable bookings. Lastly, a sustainability challenge will be implemented to attract these young users to use the platform. So users will share about their sustainability experience online through online short reviews and stories. Other users will be able to view, engage and like their entries. And top performing reviewers will be rewarded with eco-points. And this will inspire them to use the eco-voyage offerings to book their travels. So with these two recommendations, we will see how Africa can actually get their aims fulfilled. First of all, this is implementation timeline of ArgoLocal. We will kick off with research and partner identification. We're going to identify the NGO and the local partners as possible. But at the same time, finding the sustainable criteria as a framework. Then we can co-creation and have experience design. We integrate these into the current implementation and design the one day in our life experience. Then we can have the MVP approach of Agoda being leveraged. Where we're going to have launching pilots in certain areas from the very first hand. And then we're going to have brand activation with small marketing campaigns. Then we're going to have quality assurance and feedback loop to have user reviews as well to enhance our program before we scale up regionally and by the end of the year, get a full launch and have brand integration. And this is also an implementation timeline of Agoda Eco-Volage. We're going to first have partnership and certification set up. We're going to partner with certified sustainable organisations to actually have a standardised framework. And at the same time, ensure credibility for the hotels. Then we're going to have platform design and development where all the features are integrated into the current Agoda website. And we have hard launch and market activations similar to Agoda Local. And also have user dashboard showcasing the impact as well as going global. And by the end of the year, we'll also go full scale with implementation and constantly improving to optimise our performance. And with these two recommendations, we're going to expect, I'm sorry, so like before reaching to financial impact, we're going to assess the potential risk and to see how Agoda can actually maximise their outcome by mitigating those. For Agoda Local, there are potential risks such as unsafe living conditions and lack of medical access, especially in rural areas and especially for the solo travellers like women. And in order to tackle this, we will implement mandatory host verification and background checks for instance, like identity identification of the host as well as a property inspection. And at the same time, we will also provide clear safety guidelines and emergency support hotlines. We will also have inconsistent host standards for Agoda Local and also have the risks such as difficulties in monitoring or operating regions simultaneously and operating regions simultaneously and local certification credibility question by users for Agoda EccoVolage, which also have certain mitigation strategy. And lastly, with that, we'll expect an extra $282 million in revenue by 2030 and also $47.7 by 2025. And at the end of the day, we'll be able to capture the sustainable tourism of Agoda, leverage it to be like a pioneering in this field and at the same time able to target the incremental bookings of Agoda.